Check-in conditions

Prepare your departure with peace of mind with Royal Air Maroc

Procedures

Airport view

Counter check-in
Please bring your e-ticket, your reservation number, your Safar Flyer card, and your passport.


Priority check-in
Our dedicated counters are reserved for our Business Class passengers as well as Safar Flyer Gold and Silver members.


Unaccompanied minors check-in
Our teams look after your children with simplified identification and end-to-end assistance.

Recommendations

How early should you arrive at the airport before your flight? To fully enjoy your trip, plan your arrival well in advance of your departure time:
Short/medium-haul international flights: arrive 3 hours before departure (4 hours during peak periods).
Long-haul international flights: arrive 4 hours before departure (5 hours during peak periods).
Domestic flights: arrive 2 hours before the departure time.
Comply with health and documentary requirements before checking in.
Counter closure is 60 minutes before departure (online check-in closes 2 hours before).
Boarding gates close 15 minutes before departure.

Advice

Domestic flights
If you are traveling on domestic flights without baggage, you can check in for a same-day round trip.

Connecting flights
You can check your baggage through to your final destination. Your boarding pass for the connecting flight will be issued at the departure point.

Online check-in
If your departure station is in Morocco, you can check in online, however you are required to report to the check-in counter to finalize your check-in and receive your boarding pass after completing the documentary and health verification.
If your departure station is outside Morocco, you can check in online, download, and print your boarding pass in advance. The documentary and health verification will be conducted before boarding.
Online check-in is not open for flights

Bound for United States of America, Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Canada, United Kingdom, Qatar, Israel, and China.
Departing from Dakar, Jeddah, Beijing.
Online boarding pass printing is not available when departing from the stations listed below

Moroccan stations, Abuja, Accra, Amman, Bangui, Banjul, Bamako, Brazzaville, Conakry, Douala, Dubai, Kinshasa, Freetown, Luanda, Libreville, Lomé, Lagos, Niamey, Nouakchott, Ouagadougou, Bissau, Pointe-Noire, Praia, Monrovia, Riyadh, Malabo, Seville, Tenerife, Tunis, Montreal, Toronto.